>> Maximiliano Firtman: Symbol this is the
one of the things that have appear in ESX
that it's actually difficult to finally
understand what is a symbol, Okay?
So a symbol first is a constructor and
it's a type in JavaScript,
so it's a new type that
appear in ECMAScript six,
they are unique and
immutable primitive values.
So they're not objects,they're
primitive values.
So for example, I cannot put a symbol in
a weak set that accepts only objects.
They're often used to create
unique property keys for objects.
For example, I create a new symbol.
The symbol has a property
key that is kind of a label.
It's for kind of debugging purposes only.
And then I use that symbol, okay?
Like that, and
that when we create the symbol,
that symbol goes to a global
collection of symbols.
That you can query with symbol for
so I can check okay?
If I do have a symbol for description,
something important is that if you create
another symbol with the same description,
it's a different one, not the same one.
Everyone is unique okay,
so even if they have
the same property, so it doesn't matter.
And you use that, for example,
as a key in an object,
or as a key for something else.
Sometimes it's being used
to send us an argument.
When you want something unique and
you wanna,
it's kind of an ID of the current process.
So when the software starts,
you create a symbol and
then you pass that symbol anywhere.
That means if you refresh,
you will get the different symbol.
So it's a different one, things like that.
So it's not completely clear initially,
yeah.
>> Student: If I remember correctly I
know in like Ruby which also has strings
as keys for hashes, objects and
then symbols as well.
Symbols are often preferred because
they're like supposedly faster for
lookups, etc..
Do you know if JS is fast enough
that that's not a consideration
here or is it like-
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Symbols should be
faster but I don't think you will pick
symbols over strings because of that.
Because looking into
strings is always slower.
Think about the symbol like If it's
a binary ID or something like that.
But I don't think anyone
is thinking about that.
So I think it's a big issue okay but
yeah, you can use symbols and
because it's immutable,
no one can change it.
So it's immutable, which means that
That it's more secure if you want.